---
layout: exam_info
num: e02
ready: true
desc: "Final Exam: In person noon-3p "
exam_date: 2023-03-21 12:00:00.00-8
---

## Instructions for the exam
* Exam will be in person during lecture time.
* The exam will be closed book, no laptops or electronic devices are allowed. 
* Posting the exam questions online or collaborating with anyone is a serious violation of academic integrity. Seeking or giving help to others will result in an F in the course.
* Location and seating chart: You will be either assigned to NH 1006 or Phelps 3526. Please see the seating chart here: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17iJj6TKttbvRjcKFn8SK6sQaGRPJbMf_hwbKgtUwcNk/edit?usp=sharing>. In each classroom, you may sit anywhere in your assigned row number.


## Exam topics

Review all topics covered in weeks 1- 10.
Emphasis will be placed on the data structures and concepts covered after linked lists:
- Binary Search Trees
- Stacks 
- Queues
- Heaps (priority queues)
- Recursive implementations on BSTs
- Running time and space time complexity (big O) of all data structures covered so far
- Big-O analysis of code that involves any data structures
- Selecting an appropriate data structure to solve a problem
- templates and iterators
- The C++ STL container classes: vector, array, list, forward_list, deque, set, map, stack, queue, priority_queue (you must have working knowledge of these data structures and know the functions offered by them to perform the operations that they support)

All the homeworks, labs, pas, and code written in lecture and required Zybook chapters


Some past exams are available on Gauchospace.